c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\bin\Debug\bloodbank.sdf
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\bin\Debug\bloodbank.exe.config
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\bin\Debug\bloodbank.exe
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\bin\Debug\bloodbank.pdb
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\bin\Debug\bloodbank.xml
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmstart.resources
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmlogin.resources
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.Resources.resources
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.exe
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.xml
c:\users\pattabi.abbu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.pdb
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmprg.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmscreen1.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmdonor.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmmdi1.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmcollect.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmcomponents.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmrequest.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmscdelete.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmgdonor.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmrqdelete.resources
C:\Users\Pattabi.abbu\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\bloodbank\bloodbank\obj\x86\Debug\bloodbank.frmcomponetsinsert.resources
